hey this is rock a brain surgeon and
today we're talking about the Waffen
trogir auf e100 also known as the waffle
we're following around onii-chan as he's
in siegfried line normal battle in the
waffle a tier 10 german tank destroyer
what makes this tank unique is it's a
tank destroyer that has a turret it also
features an autoloader the gun on this
thing is ridiculous now he runs into a
t57 opposite him and the t57 is known
for its burst potential and the waffles
just gonna take a giant cleveland
steamer all over that guy when there's a
tank opposite the waffle that's not an
autoloader it's embarrassing for the
enemy just downright embarrassing how
fast they die and how little they can do
now own hle is mounting the 128 and this
is generally the preferred gun among
waffle drivers the reason why is it's
better in almost every way than the 150
so the 150 has an intra clip reload time
of three seconds the 128 has an intro
clip reload time of two seconds that
means you can throw out more damage very
quickly with less exposure aim time is
better on the 128 the penetration is
better on the 128 it still has a pretty
high alpha of 560 and since you only
have a two second reload time between
shots you're throwing down a lot of
damage it's who cares about the 750
damage that the shot of the 150 gives
you there's also greater shell velocity
on the 128 much better shell velocity
which helps in sniping and it's a more
accurate gun as well the 150 is just
bizarrely bad in comparison to the 128
that it's really not worth considering
the tank does have a very long reload
time the 128 has a full 60 second reel
oh that is for ever also the platform is
not the most mobile thing in the world
it only has five degrees of gun
depression
and there's that big honkin turret on
top now the turret has another problem
in that the armor is too thin so it's
only about 20 millimeters thick in a lot
of places in most places so it's going
to have over matching problems and what
over matching is when the caliber of the
shell is three times as thick as the
armor that it hits that means it will
auto penetrate there is no chance for a
ricochet and even though the hull armor
of the waffle is surprisingly strong
it's kind of like an amx 50b the turret
is so huge who cares if the hole is
strong because everyone's just going to
go for that massive blimp on top of your
tank the camouflage on the tank is very
poor as well so make sure you are behind
some bushes far behind like 15 to 20
meters so that when you fire you don't
turn them translucent and everyone can
see you it also has an incredible view
range four hundred twenty meters is a
lot even for tier 10 even with those
downsides though if you're not getting
shot you're just crushing people I mean
he's gonna pop up behind an amx 50b and
yeah the fifty bees response time is not
exactly stellar here but there's nothing
he can do even if he would have been
facing the right direction he couldn't
have gotten more than two shots off the
waffle over performs statistically as
well it is the highest damaging tank at
tier 10 and it is not close and this is
after getting nerfed there's no doubt it
will get nerfed again so get it early
and abuse it while you have the chance
hope you enjoyed happy hunting